the word of the Lord came to me saying
son of man set your face against the
ammonites and prophesy against them say
to the ammonites hear the word of the
Lord God thus says the Lord God
because you said AHA against my
sanctuary when it was profaned and
against the land of Israel when it was
desolate and against the house of Judah
when they went into captivity indeed
therefore I will deliver you as an
addition to the men of the east and they
shall set their encampments among you
and make their dwellings among you they
shall eat your fruit and they shall
drink your milk and I will make rubber a
stable for camels and Ammon a resting
place for flocks then you shall know
that I am the Lord because you clap your
hands stamp your feet and rejoiced in
heart with all your disdain for the land
of Israel
indeed therefore I will stretch out my
hand against you and give you as plunder
to the nations I will cut you off from
the peoples and I will cause you to
perish from the countries I will destroy
you and you shall know that I have
because Moab and sere say look the house
of Judah is like all the nations
therefore behold I will clear the
territory of Moab of cities of the
cities on its frontier the glory of the
country beth joshimuz Bale Mian and
kerchief am to the men of the east I
will give it as a possession together
with the ammonites that the ammonites
may not be remembered among the nations
and I will execute judgments upon mehleb
and they shall know that I am the Lord
because of what Edom did against the
house of Judah by taking vengeance and
has greatly offended by avenging itself
on them I will also stretch out my hand
against Edom cut off man and beast from
it and make it desolate from teman didim
shall fall by the sword I will lay my
vengeance on Edom by the hand of my
people Israel that they may do in Edom
according to my anger and according to
my fury and they shall know my vengeance
thus says the Lord God because the
Philistines dealt vengefully and took
vengeance with a spiteful heart to
destroy because of the old hatred
therefore thus says the Lord God I will
stretch out my hand against the
Philistines and I will cut off the cara
fights and destroy the remnant of the
Seacoast I will execute great vengeance
on them with furious rebukes and they
shall know that I am the Lord when I lay
my vengeance upon them
you